Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello, Mr. Roberts.
Johnny Roberts: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Johnny Roberts: Pretty good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey turn down the TV.
Johnny Roberts: That's what I'm fixing them to try to get one doing it.
Johnny Roberts: Come on, to me,
Johnny Roberts: I turned it off.
Johnny Roberts: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I feel like it's been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A long time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said, I feel like it's been a long time since I've seen you.
Johnny Roberts: Know, just few days ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know we're almost a Friday again.
Johnny Roberts: Don't fast now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it is. What have you been doing this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Johnny Roberts: It's not me. I'm here see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There. Yeah, really. Yeah. Now I can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyways, what have you been doing this week.
Johnny Roberts: freezing my butt off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you been able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Continue with your sobriety.
Johnny Roberts: Oh yeah, no, no problem with that.
Johnny Roberts: Okay, good, because it will not shut my mind.
Johnny Roberts: Do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Johnny
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't do it. Did you ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think of things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll
Johnny Roberts: Tell you the truth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're breaking up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep freezing on me.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, you ever run around with chip.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have
Johnny Roberts: Been at chicken this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've been really busy.
Johnny Roberts: So it was nice one day and rain and nasty. The next day at Nice again ran and nasty. The next day,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah,
Johnny Roberts: Very nice.
Johnny Roberts: I live on the board border Mexico.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Without freezing. So I'm just kidding.
Johnny Roberts: Uh huh. No, it was right smack dab in the middle of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it keeps going back and forth where it's nice day and then freezing rain.
Johnny Roberts: Was supposed to be you up 60 Saturday or 60 Friday 70 Saturday and back down into the 30s on Monday or Sunday.
Johnny Roberts: Oh wow, it'd be 70 degrees here during the day in between degrees at night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wow, that's a big difference.
Johnny Roberts: Definitely doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you, did you ever figure out anything that we can work on I was looking to make sure I did your bio psychosocial but I think I did. And did you ever think of anything that we could work on why we're in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Individual session.
Johnny Roberts: Not right off hand on me.
Johnny Roberts: A joke about my temper. But yeah, I pretty much got that over control of my own. So for somebody really pisses me off.
You can watch
Johnny Roberts: Like stealing my damn coffee table.
You I
Johnny Roberts: Had an empty coffee table that I was restoring yeah it was in the living room and I was cleaning up and I took it outside considered up against now upon couple boards and set it up against the other stuff and covered it up.
Johnny Roberts: Again, what does asshole comes over your stolen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. Do you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: So I went to his house kick his door and grab my table.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When did you do that.
Yesterday,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No travel
Johnny Roberts: Well, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: stole it from you. First
Johnny Roberts: Is it going to be trouble. I'm getting tired, so I live in the ghetto. Okay.
Johnny Roberts: And there seems I'm in for a bicycle stole this year.
Johnny Roberts: 550
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My gosh.
Johnny Roberts: And we're not talking cheap ones, either.
Johnny Roberts: Last one. I had stolen like 20 $500
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Johnny Roberts: But I'd rebuilt it from nothing, you know,
Johnny Roberts: I got one in the kitchen. It's a what they call it co op
Johnny Roberts: Actually got shocks and everything on it like a motorcycle would have
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, and the government does it. A friend of mine is in is in the Air Force here right and he brought this one to me says here, man. Steve, you fix this. One of you can have it.
Johnny Roberts: We didn't. They didn't steal it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Johnny Roberts: Who got it. So I wouldn't sold it back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Johnny Roberts: I didn't my roommate and I had here that was stayed here helping him out.
Johnny Roberts: He stole my damn generator
Johnny Roberts: sold it for 200 bucks.
Johnny Roberts: So you wonder why I have a bit of an attitude. Sometimes that's my normal week around here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's almost like survival of the fittest, and where you live at like
Johnny Roberts: What it is is no they don't think it's always going to do something they keep wanting to push me in that corner and I'm
Johnny Roberts: Like me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you live in a trick.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They live in my trailer park.
Johnny Roberts: No, I live in a house. I've got a two bedroom house. Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Around the corner.
Okay.
Johnny Roberts: So I got st st going that way. Okay. And I got a pit bull is worthless. She looks on the death
Johnny Roberts: bites me
Johnny Roberts: Until I get in a fight or argument I raised my voice or something she ends up biting me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Johnny Roberts: She, she don't bite either
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bad as a leader.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See draw blood
Johnny Roberts: You sit here looking at
Johnny Roberts: Oh yes, she lived on the one time I the heater and ahead about four times to get her let loose.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Johnny Roberts: That's crazy. But I think the
Johnny Roberts: Front of my i got i was only supposed to headed off for two weeks. But this chick went to jail.
Johnny Roberts: And she took it away ex boyfriend, which used to beat the hell out of a dog.
Johnny Roberts: So what I think it is is when I get when I get a conference and I raised my voice, whoever's the loudest she goes after
Johnny Roberts: It most of the time it's me. I'm the aggressive one
Johnny Roberts: But I think what she's trying to do is try to pull me out of it. Yeah, it hurts.
Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: You see this morn
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Any I have you been experiencing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you been experiencing any cravings.
Johnny Roberts: Chocolate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Chocolate and food. Hmm.
Johnny Roberts: Pepsi's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pepsi's. Yeah. What was your drug of choice. What were, what did you use
Johnny Roberts: Heroin
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it makes perfect sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That candy sugar you know you have that craving. A lot of people that are clean and sober get clean and sober off opiates, do you wind up with
Johnny Roberts: Have always had a chocolate craving.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Chocolate craving, even when you were under the influence.
Johnny Roberts: That he yeah
Johnny Roberts: He was doing. I like chocolate.
Johnny Roberts: Chocolate junkie.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Refresh my memory. Have you been going to any self help meetings.
Johnny Roberts: No, I haven't. Because most of them are so far away. I really don't want to walk into cold.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and what about online.
Johnny Roberts: Know,
Johnny Roberts: When I get home. Most the time get these animals fed good face straightened up kickback get a shower, just don't really go to bed.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues that that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That internally that you have come across that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Could possibly need help processing or getting through or
Johnny Roberts: Keeping them from killing safe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I take it that the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me about the police in your area.
Johnny Roberts: Are assholes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They don't help when it comes to stuff like that.
Johnny Roberts: No, I use. I had my own business for a long, I used to have a van out here right
Johnny Roberts: Uh huh. And I call this is about 1617 years old.
Johnny Roberts: Much well actually running in the van trying to fit because he was trying to steal stuff at me.
Johnny Roberts: So I went outside
Johnny Roberts: And I saw this kid van and try to get him out of value and come out of them. So I went, got my people and I just hooked him to front of the van, for he couldn't get out right
Johnny Roberts: Well, welcome. Now, so I got my pistol, a while back out of kept on the witness it unlock it, or I'll blow you out of it.
Johnny Roberts: So he unlock it and then he locked it back.
Johnny Roberts: I said I I walked into the store and I called the cops. The cops show up and I tell them, I said, look, coach's kid.
Johnny Roberts: You know, in my van trying to steal my stuff and cop walks over to the Van Gogh's was a guy's nose bleeding.
Johnny Roberts: Was I don't know why he goes, What do you want me to do with it. I said, Why don't you take them to McDonalds and getting a Happy Meal
Johnny Roberts: That's how the cops are around here. They're scared of blacks.
Johnny Roberts: Scared of Mexicans.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Said they don't
Johnny Roberts: Want to rush. I don't give a shit about you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy. Johnny
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Johnny Roberts: Now it's, you know, that's why they call it dirty curry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Johnny Roberts: I've never heard that before County.
Johnny Roberts: The county is current County.
Johnny Roberts: And they call it 30 curry. I mean, the cops. The cops. So more drugs and drug dealers do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy.
I mean,
Johnny Roberts: This is a joke, to tell you the truth, we got something around here. They call the shifty 50
Johnny Roberts: Which is the Committee of 50
Johnny Roberts: It's about it's 50 foot old man to get together and they make all the rules and so have them gaining stay awake, five minutes to make a rule.
Johnny Roberts: But they but they run the town.
Johnny Roberts: You know, it's like an old Western movie where you got these certain get certain guys run the town.
Johnny Roberts: Uh huh. That's close
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wow, that's good.
Johnny Roberts: As long as you don't get long as you don't give them a hard time I don't bother you.
Johnny Roberts: He's like they know me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds like you're always in that fight mode that fight or flight mode where you've always got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be on guard to pay attention to your house and your belongings.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah okay go what I mean. I go to my friend's house work on my truck. And I'm like, I need to go buy the house because why should I got a bad feeling most of time when I get a bad feeling something's going on.
Johnny Roberts: You know, it's like, like I said, My roommate and I was letting stay here to help him out. Right.
Johnny Roberts: Because he just got out of jail, and I've known him for a while, and he was clean. I was gone for two hours Thanksgiving eve and went over my friend's house for Thanksgiving dinner right good when friends come together. He took the gate hinges off the gate to get my generator of the backyard.
Johnny Roberts: And steel generator. He sold for $200
Johnny Roberts: You lied to me straight to my face.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you ever get it back.
Nope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Johnny Roberts: So, you know,
Johnny Roberts: I kind of. Yeah, I kind of stay in an aggressive moves, I guess a lot, not by choice. But what I have to do.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. That's what it sounds like to me, have you thought about moving getting away from that area.
Johnny Roberts: Know, kind of like, you know, I got friends here. It's just the people that come by here.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, it wasn't so it starts to get really getting bad because I got an awesome so half a block away. It's like a 711
Johnny Roberts: Called here.
Johnny Roberts: It never sold alcohol until about three years ago.
Johnny Roberts: And ever since they started selling alcohol over here. I mean, neighbors, get broken to people. I mean, if you don't have somebody watching your house you're getting broken into.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy.
Johnny Roberts: It's like smooth right here. They steal from each other constantly
Johnny Roberts: This one Steve is missing steals this and this and steals this one.
Johnny Roberts: Then if they just go to man. Well, you know, the man's getting tired of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's a little much. Very much so.
Johnny Roberts: Oh yeah, I probably they broke in here.
Johnny Roberts: But this time last year, I'd went to fatalis to a party with a friend.
Johnny Roberts: And I kind of got stranded over for a few hours, they probably took between five and $6,000 and stuff out of my house, the big screen TVs. Mr. You know, guitar, stuff like that.
Johnny Roberts: So, you know, kind of worried. I don't if I do go somewhere, I try to get somebody to stay in my house.
Johnny Roberts: To watch them to seems like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. That's what it sounds like.
Johnny Roberts: The one person. I do.
Johnny Roberts: What I'm going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, no family or anything that that lives close to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know family that lives close to
Johnny Roberts: My family mom, my dad, lives in Florida. My mom's gone. My sister's live in Virginia.
Johnny Roberts: AND MY OLDER BROTHER LIVES IN TENNESSEE.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What brought you to the area that you're at
Johnny Roberts: Huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What brought you to the area that you live in.
Johnny Roberts: To build chief plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work.
Work.
Johnny Roberts: Work probably all over the country.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're retired now.
Johnny Roberts: No, I'm disabled now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Disabled disabled disabled and retired.
Johnny Roberts: No, I still work. I love to work.
Johnny Roberts: They don't give me enough money to live on. I barely make it from month to month
Johnny Roberts: Yeah well understood what I got to live on, not even quite what a paycheck. I used to get you get $710 a month to live on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Yeah, that's gotta be tough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you're doing okay.
Johnny Roberts: Oh, yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, I wish that we could figure out some things to work on in these
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In our individual sessions, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe if you can think of something, then we can start developing a plan around it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But just doing a check in with you and making sure you're okay and that you're not experiencing any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues with your meds or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: physical ailments or anything else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At this point I think is what you know we've been doing
Johnny Roberts: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah, because it's kind of hard to work on any work on anger. When you have to stay in that fight or flight mode because of, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Area.
Rob
Johnny Roberts: I just did an attitude I can turn it off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Like a light switch people. You got to
Johnny Roberts: Watch this shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it seems like you have to be in that kind of mindset.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, with the area.
And the people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That make sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, well I'm gonna
I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gonna ask
Johnny Roberts: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Johnny Roberts: You asked her what what I needed to work on. She could probably tell you everything
You're down
Johnny Roberts: My friend just bought some dog food in
Okay.
Johnny Roberts: I don't know if you can see this on the end of the bed here.
Johnny Roberts: You're looking at me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's a cute dog. Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: She says her dog.
Johnny Roberts: And then let's move on to the family right here.
Johnny Roberts: I took this away from a girl that was beating the hell out of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All let me say again.
Johnny Roberts: My name is Daisy Daisy.
Johnny Roberts: Chain, but
Johnny Roberts: She every six months old, maybe
Johnny Roberts: That's my kids and I got my three legged stool wall over here, sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got your hands full with animals.
Johnny Roberts: All my animals are like, me too.
Johnny Roberts: That's good.
Johnny Roberts: They keep me calm.
Johnny Roberts: And charitable house.
Johnny Roberts: See what she's doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, Johnny. I'm gonna let you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let you continue on with your night and I will see you in group on Friday.
Johnny Roberts: You actually got to meet Johnny. The other day, I don't know if I told you that are not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you mean
Johnny Roberts: Most of time. I'm a little bear
Johnny Roberts: That's my nickname. Little Bear.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Johnny Roberts: And you got to meet my hair. Never hardly ever see me with my hair down
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: But I didn't handle her hair ties.
Johnny Roberts: OUT three DAYS. No hair ties.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We better get some
Johnny Roberts: Help on now see
Johnny Roberts: So yeah, you finally got to be Johnny rest of time you're talking a little bear
Johnny Roberts: I should tell you something about my hair down everything I should, yeah, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's fun.
Johnny Roberts: When you talk to all the time. He
Johnny Roberts: goes, oh, okay, I got you now started laughing
Johnny Roberts: You're probably sitting there going, what do I do with this dude. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why I think you're doing a good job. I just want to tell you that
Johnny Roberts: Well, like I said, if I set my mind to do something I do it, you know.
Johnny Roberts: What even though I'm a screw up and a goof off and smart and sometimes I still do I say I'm going to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It.
Johnny Roberts: The way I am swales brought up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's really, really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, Johnny. I'm gonna let you go, and I will see you Friday.
Johnny Roberts: All right, we got sick with a couple days. Marcy be back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. I'll talk to you later. Right.